Your Majesty, you are truly heartless.
Princess
Didn't I ban you forever?
The Blessing of the North
I've escaped.
You really intend to resist.
Bold apples
Your Majesty.
God blames you for protecting the nation.
What about you?
I only have one sister.
And you took his life.
This forest is poisonous.
Your Majesty.
Ah.
Your life was saved by God.
Now I want to marry him.
The emperor is dead.
The North General
The agreement between us must still count.
The general will now reign before the throne of sin.
Waiting for the General to ascend the throne
She will be with me, Queen.
She wants to be queen.
Miao Tu Hy
Pepper Ha
You're a wild fallback price.
A man died at the hands of the Lord.
No one can beat me.
Yao Fenglin is about to become queen.
Ha ha ha